Added the `test_data_config_ignore` flag in order to ignore MR test (#3632)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Updated the **engineinfo** type in the script schema.
* Updated the **modeling-rules init & test** commands to support RULE section fields.
* Stability improvements for **graph create** and **graph update** commands.

> * Added the ability to ignore failures on test modeling rules, by adding the `test_data expected_value` flag to the test data file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the **modeling-rules test** command to ignore failures on test modeling rules, by adding the `test_data expected_value` flag to the test data file.
```

* Updated the **modeling-rules init & test** commands to support RULE section fields.
* Stability improvements for **graph create** and **graph update** commands.
* Fixed the *metadata* type in the XSIAM dashboard schema to *map*, with possible values: **lazy_load** and **cache_ttl**

> * Updated the **modeling-rules test** command to ignore failures on test modeling rules, by adding the `test_data_config_ignore` flag to the test data file.

Author: In fact, when you add this plug, it ignores the entire test (including schema and even does not push the modeling rules to Tennant).

> * Fixed the *metadata* type in the XSIAM dashboard schema to *map*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updated the *metadata* type in the XSIAM dashboard schema to *map*.
```

Author: This is not related to my PR. revert
